feat(iam): remove guests (#5022)
scaleway/docs-content: macros/iam/login-member.mdx

macro: login-member
---

1. Open your web browser and go to the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com).
2. Click [Log in as an IAM Member](https://account.scaleway.com/member-login?redirectToUrl=https://console.scaleway.com/).
    <Message type="important">

>       Logging into an Organization as a Member is different from logging in as an Owner. To perform a non-Member login, you can follow the classic [How to log into the console](/account/how-to/log-in-to-the-console) procedure.

Reviewer: @ldecarvalho-doc I am not sure we should refer to Owner login as "Classic". Can we have another wording?

Author: we can just remove the word
```suggestion
      Logging into an Organization as a Member is different from logging in as an Owner. To perform a non-Member login, you can follow the procedure described in the [How to log into the console](/account/how-to/log-in-to-the-console) documentation page.
```
